Add cli for seccomp. (#380)
kinvolk/inspektor-gadget: docs/guides/seccomp.md

[1]+  Terminated              kubectl port-forward service/hello-python-service -n seccomp-demo 8080:6000
```

And now generate the policy again:

```bash
$ kubectl gadget seccomp-advisor stop TAyR9BXes6GU04rG
{
	...
}
```

> This time, the Status field will contain a lot more syscalls, as a lot of

Reviewer: Please update this sentence as it's not valid anymore.

in the cluster, the seccomp gadget can generate `seccompprofile` resources
that can be used directly by our pods.

To do this, we need to use the `--seccomp-profile` option of the command line.

```bash
# Delete the pod.
$ kubectl delete -f docs/examples/seccomp/unconfined.yaml
pod "hello-python" deleted

# Create the pod and start a new trace again
$ kubectl apply -f docs/examples/seccomp/unconfined.yaml
pod/hello-python created
$ kubectl gadget seccomp-advisor start -n seccomp-demo -m seccomp-profile --seccomp-profile-name seccomp-demo/hello-profile -p hello-python

> TAyR9BXes6GU04rG

Author: Are you sure?
The example was like this before, there is a dedicated section to catch all syscalls needed to bring up the pod.

> TAyR9BXes6GU04rG

Reviewer 2: Yes, otherwise, the "confined" pod will not even be able to start because the seccomp will block the syscalls it needs during the bring up.

BTW, the guide was already starting the gadget before deploying the pod:

https://github.com/kinvolk/inspektor-gadget/blob/9999019ac778d543ec09a7a1aae84ff3a8eeef7f/docs/guides/seccomp.md#L233-L237

> TAyR9BXes6GU04rG

Author: You are right, I removed my comment when I saw I was wrong, sorry for the inconvenience.

$ kill %1
[1]+  Terminated              kubectl port-forward service/hello-python-service -n seccomp-demo 8080:6000

> # Now stop the policy.
> $ kubectl gadget seccomp-advisor stop -n seccomp-demo TAyR9BXes6GU04rG

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Now stop the gadget to generate the seccomp profile
$ kubectl gadget seccomp-advisor stop -n seccomp-demo TAyR9BXes6GU04rG
```

  securityContext:
    seccompProfile:
      type: Localhost

>       localhostProfile: operator/seccomp-demo-hello-profile

Reviewer 2: Mmmm why are you making this change?

Author: It was because at one moment I added the `Output` in labels and I did not want to deal with '/' because they are not authorized.
But I do not add it now.

### Cleanup

Once we're done with the demo, we can delete all the resources that we've
used by deleting the `seccomp-demo` namespace:

```bash
$ kubectl delete ns seccomp-demo
namespace "seccomp-demo" deleted
$ kubectl delete -f docs/examples/seccomp/trace-external.yaml

> trace.gadget.kinvolk.io "seccomp" deleted

Reviewer 2: This is not used anymore. Please remove it.
